README.md, before:

# TheRealFredPD - Github Readme

Hey there, I'm Frederick Pellerin, and I'm a tech enthusiast who loves spending time tinkering with all things tech!

My current interests include Cybersecurity, Ethical Hacking, AI, and Cloud Computing. I'm always eager to learn and currently exploring topics like Python programming and hacking skills on THM, HTB, and HTB Academy.

I have a bunch of ongoing courses on platforms like AWS Skills, Microsoft Learn, Cybrary, Sololearn, and more. I tend to bounce between them as I come across new and exciting ones.

Besides tech, I've also been having fun experimenting with AI art generation. You can check out some of my creations on my Nightcafe.studio creator profile: https://creator.nightcafe.studio/u/Fredp3d.

If you want to reach me beyond GitHub, feel free to connect with me on Twitter at @TheRealFREDP3d.

By the way, my native language is French, and I proudly call Quebec City, Canada my home.

Let's keep the learning journey going, one step at a time!

---

## Contacts

![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Twitter&logoColor=white) : `@TheRealFredP3D`

![Protonmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/ProtonMail-8B89CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=protonmail&logoColor=white) : [`FredP3D@Proton.me`](mailto:fredp3d@proton.me)

![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)  [`FredP3D`](https://linkedin.com/in/FredP3D)

![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%235865F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white) [`TheRealFREDP3D`](https://discordhub.com/profile/1050577907296256070)

![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white) [`@TheRealFredP3D`](https://medium.com/@TheRealFREDP3D)

![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=YouTube&logoColor=white) [`FredP3D`](https://www.youtube.com/@FredP3D)

![`Nightcafe.studio``](https://nightcafe.studio/u/FredP3D)

![`Link.Gallery``](https://link.gallery/therealfredp3d)


---


**`Tryhackme.com - Public Profile Badge`**

<img src="https://tryhackme-badges.s3.amazonaws.com/FREDP3D.png" alt="TryHackMe">


---


**`HackTheBox - Profile Badge`**

![HacktheBox Profile Badge](_attachement/HacktheBox%20-%20Profile.png)

*(Generated with the script [HTB-HDBadgeGenerator](https://github.com/Flangvik/HTB-HDBadgeGenerator))*

---

### Rediscovering My Passion: A Journey from Childhood Obsession to Cybersecurity

As a kid, I was drawn to the world of computers like a moth to a flame. The day my father brought home an IBM Clone 386 running MS-DOS was the day my fascination ignited. I was just 7-8 years old then, and those early interactions with the command line, mastering the "cd" and "dir" commands, felt like deciphering arcane spells.

By the time I hit 13, I had already ventured into creating websites. My most ambitious project was a shrine to the iconic PC game, Diablo. In a time when resources were scarce, armed only with Windows Notepad, I crafted a multi-framed website boasting interactive drop-down menus, animated GIFs, and a symphony of music and sounds.

On the pages of "JavaScript 1.1 For Dummies," I found the tools to dive into JavaScript, unknowingly sowing the seeds of a future in IT. But life took me on a detour, my passion faded, and I found myself drifting away.

Recently, I unearthed the remnants of that zeal buried in a box of 3 1/4'' Floppy disks. It was a moment of reconnection, a resurgence of the fire that once burned within. HTML, that old companion, hadn't forgotten me, and I hadn't forgotten it either. It was like reuniting with an old friend after years apart.

These days, GitHub is my playground for exploring IT and cybersecurity. The repositories I fork aren't just collections of code; they're bookmarks of my journey. My journey isn't about accumulating XP points but about unravelling the intricacies of this digital realm.

For the past year, I've been engrossed in HackTheBox Academy and TryHackMe. Markdown has become my muse as I've filled over 1500 pages with meticulous notes, constructing a digital vault of my discoveries in the cybersecurity realm.

A new fascination has stirred within me - static site generators and GitPages. The idea of crafting my own corner of the web, a testament to my journey, has taken hold. A personal website feels like the next logical chapter in my ongoing saga.

And so, the embers of my youthful curiosity have reignited into a blazing passion. As I stand at the crossroads of my warehouse career and the beckoning horizon of IT, I'm compelled to chronicle my transformation. It's a tale of navigating through the bewildering maze of cyberspace, learning to decode the matrix, and eventually emerging as a guide for those who are treading the path I once ventured.

Join me in revisiting the trials of TryHackMe and the enigmas of HackTheBox Academy. Together, let's unravel the mysteries and shine a light on the complexities, making the journey smoother for those who come after.

---

#### Tasks to Complete Before Launching My Website

[X] I need to sort through my own notes and separate them from the content I clipped from websites and books. This will ensure that all the information on my website is going to be accurate and relevant and also ensure that I'm the actual author.  ==2023-04-29 == I started this week with over 1200 notes in my Obsidian Vault.  I cut it to 795!  And I did a complete reconstruction of my folder system.  **CHECK!**

[] I also need to learn how to use a static site generator like Jekyll, Hugo, or 11th. This will allow me to easily create and maintain my website without having to write complex code from scratch.

[X] ***(Work in progress)*** The fact that English is not my natural language, I need to write regularly to improve my grammar and communication skills. I've been using Grammarly to help me with this, and I plan to continue writing regularly to maintain my progress.  

[X] Publish on Medium.com - **It's done.** I published a text about how I end up deeply needing to change my professional path and how a 38 years old warehouse manager choose without hesitation IT and Cybersecurity as a dream life.  I also published a writeup for the [Tryhackme room: Brute-It](https://tryhackme.com/room/bruteit).

[] To ensure that my website provides valuable content, I plan to revisit every TryHackMe room and HTB Academy module I completed. Now that I have accumulated some experience,  I am able to share my notes, additional resources, and alternative tools, or at least share my personal journey (Win&Fails).
***3-11-2023 - Update: Tryhackme updated some of their learning path. So far I have finished the Burp Suite series.***

[] In addition to improving my technical skills, I plan to obtain my AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Certification.  I'm also getting (ISC)2 - Certified Cybersecurity.
***3-11-2023 - Update:*** I've almost completed the ISC2 CC course but my free subscription isn't valid anymore.  Don't plan to return to it because I feel that I learn most of the content of this course.

[] Finally, I will keep training on HackTheBox Academy and TryHackMe and I will try to upscale my online presence and grow my network.

---

## Latest News

### 2023-03-31

[X] Added `My-Daily-Notes` Directory.

### 2023-04-13

[X] Added `My-Writeups` Directory.

---

I make all my notes on ![Obsidian](https://img.shields.io/badge/Obsidian-%23483699.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=obsidian&logoColor=white).

This repository is managed with ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white).

My system runs on : ![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white).

For hacking, I run a ![Kali](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kali-268BEE?style=for-the-badge&logo=kalilinux&logoColor=white) VM using VMware Workstation.

---

Commit message:

modified:   README.md modified:   _attachement/HacktheBox - Profile.png

README.md, after:

---
title: README
tags: []
reference:
last-modified:
status:
date of creation: Thursday, November 2nd 2023, 9:16:47 pm
date modified: Sunday, May 5th 2024, 1:43:08 am
---

# TheRealFredPD - Github Readme

Hey there, I'm Frederick Pellerin, and I'm a tech enthusiast who loves spending time tinkering with all things tech!

My current interests include Cybersecurity, Ethical Hacking, AI, and Cloud Computing. I'm always eager to learn and currently exploring topics like Python programming and hacking skills on THM, HTB, and HTB Academy.

I have a bunch of ongoing courses on platforms like AWS Skills, Microsoft Learn, Cybrary, Sololearn, and more. I tend to bounce between them as I come across new and exciting ones.

Besides tech, I've also been having fun experimenting with AI art generation. You can check out some of my creations on my Nightcafe.studio creator profile: https://creator.nightcafe.studio/u/Fredp3d.

If you want to reach me beyond GitHub, feel free to connect with me on Twitter at @TheRealFREDP3d.

By the way, my native language is French, and I proudly call Quebec City, Canada my home.

Let's keep the learning journey going, one step at a time!

---

## Contacts

![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Twitter&logoColor=white) : `@TheRealFredP3D`

![Protonmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/ProtonMail-8B89CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=protonmail&logoColor=white) : [`FredP3D@Proton.me`](mailto:fredp3d@proton.me)

![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white) [`FredP3D`](https://linkedin.com/in/FredP3D)

![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%235865F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white) [`TheRealFREDP3D`](https://discordhub.com/profile/1050577907296256070)

![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white) [`@TheRealFredP3D`](https://medium.com/@TheRealFREDP3D)

![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=YouTube&logoColor=white) [`FredP3D`](https://www.youtube.com/@FredP3D)

![`Nightcafe.studio``](https://nightcafe.studio/u/FredP3D)

![`Link.Gallery``](https://link.gallery/therealfredp3d)

---

**`Tryhackme.com - Public Profile Badge`**

<img src="https://tryhackme-badges.s3.amazonaws.com/FREDP3D.png" alt="TryHackMe">

---

**`HackTheBox - Profile Badge`**

![HacktheBox Profile Badge](_attachement/HacktheBox%20-%20Profile.png)

*(Generated with the script [HTB-HDBadgeGenerator](https://github.com/Flangvik/HTB-HDBadgeGenerator))*

---

### Rediscovering My Passion: A Journey from Childhood Obsession to Cybersecurity

As a kid, I was drawn to the world of computers like a moth to a flame. The day my father brought home an IBM Clone 386 running MS-DOS was the day my fascination ignited. I was just 7-8 years old then, and those early interactions with the command line, mastering the "cd" and "dir" commands, felt like deciphering arcane spells.

By the time I hit 13, I had already ventured into creating websites. My most ambitious project was a shrine to the iconic PC game, Diablo. In a time when resources were scarce, armed only with Windows Notepad, I crafted a multi-framed website boasting interactive drop-down menus, animated GIFs, and a symphony of music and sounds.

On the pages of "JavaScript 1.1 For Dummies," I found the tools to dive into JavaScript, unknowingly sowing the seeds of a future in IT. But life took me on a detour, my passion faded, and I found myself drifting away.

Recently, I unearthed the remnants of that zeal buried in a box of 3 1/4'' Floppy disks. It was a moment of reconnection, a resurgence of the fire that once burned within. HTML, that old companion, hadn't forgotten me, and I hadn't forgotten it either. It was like reuniting with an old friend after years apart.

These days, GitHub is my playground for exploring IT and cybersecurity. The repositories I fork aren't just collections of code; they're bookmarks of my journey. My journey isn't about accumulating XP points but about unravelling the intricacies of this digital realm.

For the past year, I've been engrossed in HackTheBox Academy and TryHackMe. Markdown has become my muse as I've filled over 1500 pages with meticulous notes, constructing a digital vault of my discoveries in the cybersecurity realm.

A new fascination has stirred within me - static site generators and GitPages. The idea of crafting my own corner of the web, a testament to my journey, has taken hold. A personal website feels like the next logical chapter in my ongoing saga.

And so, the embers of my youthful curiosity have reignited into a blazing passion. As I stand at the crossroads of my warehouse career and the beckoning horizon of IT, I'm compelled to chronicle my transformation. It's a tale of navigating through the bewildering maze of cyberspace, learning to decode the matrix, and eventually emerging as a guide for those who are treading the path I once ventured.

Join me in revisiting the trials of TryHackMe and the enigmas of HackTheBox Academy. Together, let's unravel the mysteries and shine a light on the complexities, making the journey smoother for those who come after.

---

#### Tasks to Complete Before Launching My Website

[X] I need to sort through my own notes and separate them from the content I clipped from websites and books. This will ensure that all the information on my website is going to be accurate and relevant and also ensure that I'm the actual author. ==2023-04-29 == I started this week with over 1200 notes in my Obsidian Vault. I cut it to 795! And I did a complete reconstruction of my folder system. **CHECK!**

[] I also need to learn how to use a static site generator like Jekyll, Hugo, or 11th. This will allow me to easily create and maintain my website without having to write complex code from scratch.

[X] ***(Work in progress)*** The fact that English is not my natural language, I need to write regularly to improve my grammar and communication skills. I've been using Grammarly to help me with this, and I plan to continue writing regularly to maintain my progress.  

[X] Publish on Medium.com - **It's done.** I published a text about how I end up deeply needing to change my professional path and how a 38 years old warehouse manager choose without hesitation IT and Cybersecurity as a dream life. I also published a writeup for the [Tryhackme room: Brute-It](https://tryhackme.com/room/bruteit).

[] To ensure that my website provides valuable content, I plan to revisit every TryHackMe room and HTB Academy module I completed. Now that I have accumulated some experience, I am able to share my notes, additional resources, and alternative tools, or at least share my personal journey (Win&Fails).  
***3-11-2023 - Update: Tryhackme updated some of their learning path. So far I have finished the Burp Suite series.***

[] In addition to improving my technical skills, I plan to obtain my AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Certification. I'm also getting (ISC)2 - Certified Cybersecurity.  
***3-11-2023 - Update:*** I've almost completed the ISC2 CC course but my free subscription isn't valid anymore. Don't plan to return to it because I feel that I learn most of the content of this course.

[] Finally, I will keep training on HackTheBox Academy and TryHackMe and I will try to upscale my online presence and grow my network.

---

## Latest News

### 2023-03-31

[X] Added `My-Daily-Notes` Directory.

### 2023-04-13

[X] Added `My-Writeups` Directory.

---

I make all my notes on ![Obsidian](https://img.shields.io/badge/Obsidian-%23483699.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=obsidian&logoColor=white).

This repository is managed with ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white).

My system runs on : ![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white).

For hacking, I run a ![Kali](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kali-268BEE?style=for-the-badge&logo=kalilinux&logoColor=white) VM using VMware Workstation.

---
